good morning mr. Phelps this is your
mission should you choose to accept it
should you or any member of your i''m
force be caught or killed the Secretary
will disavow all knowledge of your
actions
Ethan Hunt will be your point man as
usual good luck Jim
[Music]
as much horse you think we're being
ambushed the board that's an order
[Music]
they knew they knew we were coming he
did I want to know why he did it
you worried about me why you survived
I'm sure we can find something I have
that do you mean
these guys are trained to be ghosts
let's not waste time chasing after and
they can come to us find something
that's personally important to him and
you squeeze
[Music]
this whole operation
I was decoy
I can understand you're very upset
you've never seen me very upset
take yourself destruct in five seconds
[Music]